That bison knocking down the young one like "Sorry lil homie you gotta take one for the team." 
Therapy is expensive. So, I listen to Sir David Attenborough.
I never get tired of hearing Sir David Attenborough's voice and his crystal clear narration.

Who knew a tiny mantis could channel its inner kung fu master? Nature’s bluff game is strong with this one


Those snakes after the iguanas is like hell on earth
The baby iguana gave me this lesson again, never lose hope even if you are surrounded by dangers, life is sacred, breathe it to the last second

The flying fish is the living definition of “between a rock and a hard place” talk about brutal survival
That iguana escape might be the greatest thing I’ve ever seen
All told through the legendary narration of Sir David Attenborough. A masterpiece not to be missed!
i can hear every one cheering for the little  ig   when he got away lol

11:00 this is what playing silksong is like

OMG all those snakes after me would make me crazy!

Life is a constant battle, but sometimes bluffing like a praying mantis is all it takes to survive another day

This 2 hours of nature scenes narrated by David Attenborough feels more meaningful than most movies released today 

I never get tired of watching contents from this channel

When life gives you heat sensors and speed, every second counts in the wild. Hats off to those hatchlings making miracle escapes!

" So, you fought my brother. Let's see how you like my Praying Mantis style!"
41:53 we may wonder why not out for hunt/gather food just before the dark .. or earlier to avoid such extreme heat.

Amazing photography! I wonder how this is done! How is this put together? Photography, editing, music, narration— What a marvel!

Wonderful to watch (I gave it an upvote), but it really should have had volume levelling. 

I had to change the volume of my headphones up or down one step every second or third clip. You would think something as obvious as the volume would have been noticed and corrected before it was released....
I still love everything about the natural world and the animal kingdom and Sir David Attenborough is the true voice of the whole planet and I really love the way he speaks for nature and all of it’s wonderful wildlife and amazing animals worldwide Thank you so much David Attenborough and keep up with all your inspirational work you do for the whole planet and all living things! 
Where is this taking place, with that many snakes? 3:37

In the wild, every day is a lesson in resilience: survive the first hours, learn the dance of life, and maybe, just maybe, become the next legend

I'm a great fan of Sir David Attenborough
So much impressive camera work and editing again. Gotto love BBC earth  and most epic voice over to perfect it.

Nice video! I suggest breaking it into the segments with chapter labels for each individual animal.
Happy New Year everyone
21:53 a big, big thanksgiving day, a cheetah version.
I’ve always been fascinated by how wolves are able to hunt in their packs like they know when to strike or when to start running; when to attack.. it’s just amazing to me.
8:34 gliding against gravity.
Wildlife is absolutely amazing.
Good Chanel,  good narration.

1:03:52 "made it" without losing any foot!

This is just killing and feeding video 
Nice to see wolves again. Haven't seen them for a while in major nature docs.
If you had to be one of these animals… who would you choose?
What an amazing video to see off the year.
Polar bears average only 1 successful hunt every 20 times.

1:31:19 a cordless mouse (mole).

wow
Awesome moments! 
Thank you for sharing this video~

 MMMMM RACER SNAKE MEAT !!!!!!!!!!

Life is terrible... no doubt about this...

Fantastic!!!
 
O silêncio inicial torna o ataque ainda mais assustador.

Wonderful video! Happy new year

Огромное спасибо за труд
O.G. ASMR. 

Sir David Attenborough is my priest.


In survival games it is all about luck

I know this is nature, but those apes killing a baby monkey was really appalling, especially when seeing the bones and flesh 1:45:00 😨
3:43 born to sprint. In semi-erect gait & leap. In other places, maybe more lenient start of life ..

Sweeeyt
Dalatedifridheytomedaleted
Daletedsavedaleted

Would this feel the same without narration, or is the voice essential?
This is fake ....

This is totally AI generated!
army of snakes; get the iguana 
iguana; am fast am boing 
it's so heart-breaking to see the plastic bottle in 1:53:00 , please keep throwing wastes to the dustbin only, ladies and gentlemen
Calm yet powerful storytelling, truly captivating.

God loves you and cares for you so that this message reaches you. God is the one who created this large universe and controls it completely. The greatest loss a person loses in this life is that he lives without knowing God who created him and knowing the Messenger of Muhammad, the last of the messengers, and the Islamic religion, the last of the heavenly religions.  Great intelligence, before you believe in something or not, is to read it, study it, and understand it well, and after that you have the choice to believe in it or not to believe in it. I advise you to do this now, before you no longer have time to do so. Life is very short. It is just a test, just a passage to eternal life. Great advice to those who...  Understands
Therapy is expensive. So, I listen to Sir David Attenborough.